>> Steve Kinney: The other
issue is if I someone goes to
www,
>> Steve Kinney: Can't find the server.
All right, one would argue it's 2018,
why are you making me do this?
I know there is a page
that people link to,
which is like a manifesto
on why you should use www.
I haven't read it, but
I know that it exists.
So that I know that having
both is probably good.
Cool, so let's get that set up.
Now,
>> Steve Kinney: One easy way to do an S3,
is, if you remember when we
saw static web hosting before,
there was this other one down here.
It says redirect requests.
That seems interesting.
Obviously we don't wanna do it on
this bucket cuz it is hosting it.
What we can do is, we know that if we
are doing static web hosting with S3
that the bucket has to have
the same name as the URL, right?
We also see here that we
can redirect requests.
So what we're gonna do is we're
gonna setup a second bucket,
we're gonna name
www.superimportantwebsite.com.
And we'll have it redirect
to this bucket and
then we'll just have to update route 53.
All right, let's do it together.
Cool, so we'll go back to S3,
we'll make another
one called www.superimportantwebsite.com.
>> Steve Kinney: Take all
the defaults just like last time.
So now we have it.
We go into the bucket,
go to Properties > Static website hosting.
I apparently clicked a link instead of,
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
So here we'll redirect requests,
and it's like,
okay what is the bucket that
you would like to redirect to?
superimportantwebsite.com,
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
So now,
If we have a super important website, but
then we also have that one
that's in the bucket, right?
We haven't set up the DNS for
www.superimportantwebsite just yet.
But we can see if we take
the actual bucket address,
put the www there,
that it now redirects, right?
And you can see it changed the URL,
it just got rid of that,
it actually brought us back
to superimportantwebsite.com.
So no one's going to type in
www.superimportantwebsite.com.s3-website--
us-east-1-amazonaws.com, that's not
gonna be the mistake people make.
They're gonna try to type
www.superimportantwebsite.
So let's go ahead and
we'll go into the Route 53 console.
>> Steve Kinney: Look,
Route 53, recently visited.
We'll go into Registered domains
> superimportantwebsite.
>> Steve Kinney: And cool, so
we'll go ahead to Go to Record Sets, and
this is gonna be exactly
like it was last time.
We'll create new record.
This time we'll type in www, we'll set the
alias, and there it is, there's my bucket.
>> Steve Kinney: I can hit Create.
Again, I could theoretically get
really ambitious and immediately go
to www.superimportantwebsite.com,
and maybe the DNS propagate it.
I'm gonna do it, but I've got a,
it didn't work last time,
it's not gonna work this time.
>> Steve Kinney: But I'm hopeful.
superimportantwebsite.com.
Yeah, so that DNS needs to propagate.
But we'll check on it a little bit.
We should now have www support as well.
All right, great, so
we now have effectively
somewhat fixed client side routing.
We will, as soon as the DNS propagates,
have a www domain.
We still have a few problems in here,
which is we are still over on HTTPS,
we still have to do this manually,
still hosted in Virginia.
And our routing is not breaking the app,
but it's definitely breaking the social
contract, that is what a 404 means,
[LAUGH] right?
So we still have to solve those issues,
but we're getting there.